Bora Bora 
An unforgettable night

The St. Tegis Bora Bora Resort
Villas 

Has a spacious indoor and outdoor lounge,a master bedroom with a comfortable king-sized bed and Italian marble bathroom(2 sinks and a shower and a tub), with glass floors allowing you to gaze into the ocean. And if gazing into the ocean is not enough you can go swimming or snorkeling with tropical fish. 


PREMIER OVERWATER VILLA(1,905 square feet )
 
 a large air-conditioned lounge/living room (complete with a daybed nook and dining table), expansive bedroom with a king-size bed and a gorgeous Italian marble bathroom with double sinks as well as separate bath and shower. Enjoy two 42-inch plasma televisions, a Bose DVD/CD player and a well-stocked mini bar, or slip into the plush bathrobes and soft slippers provided and head outside onto the large terrace, where a square whirlpool just right for two awaits. Slip in and gaze out at the sunset over Mount Otemanu for the perfect ending to a day spent relaxing in a true tropical paradise. The Overwater Premier Otemanu Villa with Whirlpool’s outdoor area also features a covered dining gazebo, a smaller private terrace off the bedroom and easy access into the crystal-clear lagoon water from a private pontoon, complete with outdoor shower. With furnishings that reflect the Tahitian culture and glass viewing panels in the floor that are perfectly designed to bring the natural world inside

ROYAL OVERWATER VILLA(2798 square foot)

The villa’s large indoor air-conditioned lounge includes both a sitting and a dining area, filled with brightly hued Tahitian-influenced furnishings, as well as glass floor panels that allow guests to watch lagoon fish meander by. The bathroom features double sinks, a shower and full bathtub and is stocked with designer toiletries, plush bathrobes and slippers and has its own private outdoor shower. The villa sleeps 3 to 6 people. Access into the lagoon comes off the front terrace, so taking a swim in the azure waters is as easy as climbing down a ladder. Meanwhile, the 4-foot (1.30-meter) deep swimming pool – the largest suspended pool over the Bora Bora lagoon in the South Pacific at 20 feet by 16 feet (6 meter by 4 meter) – is always at the ready for a refreshing dip as well.

THE ROYAL ESTATE(13,000 square feet)

The Royal Estate is comprised of three separate pavilions that revolve around a large, open-air pool and sun deck located in the center of the villa. It boasts three beautifully appointed bedrooms, two luxurious living rooms, a professional chef's kitchen, four bathrooms and a dining room with sunset terrace. The master bedroom pavilion of this unique villa leads into a personal spa area with treatment room, sauna, steam room and whirlpool, as well as a private outdoor gazebo; a small office nearby can be transformed into a fourth bedroom on request. Sculpted columns of lustrous exotic wood line the internal walkways bordered by lush tropical vegetation. Textures blend indoors as Venetian stucco wall treatments, Italian marble, noble woods, luxurious woven fibers and rich fabrics subtly mix with fine Polynesian art accents. Magnificent tropical gardens also border its private white-sand beach. The glass wall solarium opens out onto a large airy terrace elevated above the beach and lagoon and is appointed with deckchairs, beach umbrellas, tables and chairs for dining and an outdoor shower.
Hotel Features
Kite Surf
A two hours session where you will learn to coordinate the board and the kite at the same time,while experts will take off with a whoosh at Matira Beach.

Jet Ski
A tour around special spots within the lagoon. There will be an option for one and a half hour tour for 11:30 which includes a pitch stop at the Matira Beach Restaurant (cost of lunch not included).
Age limit: 16 +
Time: 9:30am - 2:40pm (regular). 

Scuba Diving

The crystal blue water in Tahitian Island is the best place to scuba diving. The type of scuba diving depends on what you prefer. From shared boat to a “Blue Honeymoon” to private boat. We also offer PADI courses as well as night dives. (seeing many sea animals)  



